Patch 0.19 prometheus rule fix (#864)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: CHANGELOG.md

- [v0.5.0](#v050---2020-08-06)
<!-- END TOC -->

-------------------------------------------------
## v0.19.1 - 2022-02-28

### Fixed

> - Disabled prometheus rules for the kube-apiserver which lacked metrics and caused the wc-reader to go out of memory when evaluating them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disabled prometheus rules for the kube-apiserver that lacked metrics and caused the wc-reader to go out of memory when trying to evaluate them
```
